Encrypted Bitcoin Wallet was created to provide a convenient way to create a highly secure Bitcoin wallet for long term Bitcoin storage.

Your Encrypted Bitcoin Wallet should be stored in a safe place, but it is inaccessible without the passphrase. An encrypted wallet provides an extra level of protection.

Your passphrase is very important. Choose a passphrase made up of several words and numbers. If you forget your passphrase and have no backup, your Encrypted Bitcoin Wallet is worthless.

It is highly recommended you include a Distributed Passphrase Backup when you generate your wallet. The shares of the Distributed Passphrase Backup should be stored in separate locations. You must have at least the minimum number of required shares to recover a passphrase. Any less than the required minimum shares provides no hint of the passphrase.

Keep several copies of your Encrypted Bitcoin Wallet. You can choose to store a copy of your Encrypted Bitcoin Wallet with each share of your Distributed Passphrase Backup. A single share of the Distributed Passphrase Backup and the wallet are not enough to decrypt wallet, so they can safely be stored together.

You can download a copy of Encrypted Bitcoin Wallet to use offline! Simply extract the zip file and open encryptedbitcoinwallet.html.

If you have an existing Bitcoin address that you would like to create a BIP38 encrypted wallet from, you can enter the existing private key and new passphrase here. This is not recommended. You are encouraged to use the default option which generates a new address with a private key that is not revealed until it is decrypted.


Credits

Encrytped Bitcoin Wallet was created by Jeff Hockema. The project is open source and available on GitHub as a fork of bitaddress.org with a unique feature set and integration with secrets.js for distributed passphrase backups.

Wallet backgrounds by PerfectHUE and CoinCult. Bitcoin Bills by Adam Kochanowicz. Distributed Passphrase Backup background by nagdude.